Add basic documentation (#21)
qutip/qutip-jax: doc/source/introduction.rst

************
Introduction
************

The qutip-jax package
=====================

> This package add the capacity to use jax Array in ``qutip.Qobj``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package adds the capacity to use JAX Array in ``qutip.Qobj``.
```

> This allow to use Jax's auto differentiation and device (gpu) support in Qutip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows using Jax's auto differentiation and device (gpu) support in Qutip.
```
